+ One of the important goals of a review article is to identify key research gaps based on what constructs, theories and methods are widely applied in different settings and in what contexts studies have been carried out.
+ Provide directions for future research, serve as a platform for future research.
+ Theoretical models developed as part of literature review studies can be used by both researchers and practitioners as typologies/base/lens in their research studies using quantitative or qualitative methods and/or practice.

I. Methodology and structure of review articles
1. Domain-based review
Includes structured review, framework-based review, bibliometric review, hybrid review, review aiming for theory development
a. Structured review: based on used methods, theories, constructs in the form of tables and figures, readers get insightful information from the data reported and content. Helps understand what kind of methods.
b. Framework-based review: authors of framework-based reviews have to either develop their own framework or adpot an existing framework.
c. Bibliometric review: analyse an extensive amount of published research by using statiscal tools.
d. Hybrid review: at least, 2 different ways.
e. Review aiming for theory development: develop theoretical models and/or testable hypotheses or propostitions in such theory-building review articles.
2. Theory-based review: analyse the role of a specific theory in a subject area/field are very useful for both senior and junior researchers. Synthesize and help advancing a body of literature that uses and/or empirically applies a given underlying theory.
3. Method-based review: synthesize and extend a body of literature that uses an underlying methodology.
4. Meta analytical review: makes a deep statistical assessment of available data and findings from many previous quantitative studies.

II. Thumb rules and suggestions for developing an impactful review article
1. Topic selection: authors should not select a very recurrent topic for review when there are already other excellent reviews on the same topic. Important to check thematic novelty on key bibliometric databases such as Google Scholar.
2. Journal selection criteria, identification of streams and period coverage:
+ researchers tend to select the most well-known bibliographic database, identify potential sources for reviewing.
+ important to keep in mind that journals might not be extremely interested in your review, if it does not cover also articles from your target journal.
a. Articles search and inclusion criteria using keywords
A systematic review article can be developed using 40-50, up to 500 or more relevant papers. Authors have to use their knowledge, judgement and experience many times for deciding upon clear selection criteria of ariticles in their sample.
b. Identification of streams and time period of the review
Identify the main substreams of research conducted in the past on a wider topic or even an entire discipline.
Some reviews cover just (or less than) 10 years while there are other reviews covering up to 50 years or more of prior research in the field.
3. Appropriate title
4. Research gaps and importance of direction for future research
Identify key research gaps in a good review article based upon a thorough coverage of prior research.
5. Tables/figures
Authors need to understand well how tables and figures tend to be crafted, designed and/or structured in classic, most downloaded review articles.
6. Above all: rigor and relevance
Thoroughly synthesize a signifincant and import research area, good and relevant topics, however they fail to demonstrate.
IV. Looking back to look forward